{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Brent Silberman\
Capstone Ideas\
\
### Capstone Idea #1 - Finding the newest hottest markets for tech startups \
Working at a tech startup can be very volatile. Its tough to see your company's trajectory when it's in the infant stages. One thing you can find out is whether or not the market for this company is saturated or not.  Using Kickstarters API, we can export their data on start ups to identify which markets are currently saturated, and more importantly which markets are going to be the next big thing.\
\
### Capstone Idea #2 - Hearthstone card game project\
Hearthstone is an online  game that lets you create a deck and face off against other users. Each card has a specific ability attached to it, which can often synergize with other cards to create extremely strong combinations. Each card also has a price/cost to play in the game. Blizzard, allows you to utilize their API to export a mass JSON file of all of their cards and subsequent features. There are a few ways you can go about analyzing this data, 1, being which cards hold the most value in terms of model, and the other is how can we best identify/rank cards that synergize well with other ones to create a better deck. \
\
### Capstone Idea # 3 -  Sports production vs value\
If there is one thing that is known is that professional athletes, for any sport, get paid extremely large amounts of money.   But that money does not equate to success all the time, we\'92ve seen it time and time again where any athlete gets paid millions of dollars and does not produce at the highest level. The question here is pretty simple, can we identify players that are undervalued/overvalued in their respective sport, and are there any specific sports where players value is consistently overvalued.  Player data can be accessed through basketball/baseball/football-reference websites and can be scraped from their website. \
}